Operating instructions for filling and sealing machine Z-110
Chapter 11
 
Table of contents Chapter 11
11 Decommissioning Dismantling and disposal ................................ ............. .....2
 
Version Changes Author Date
1.0 Matthias Kunz June 30, 2021
      Operating instructions for filling and sealing machine Z-110
Chapter 11
 
 
2/2 11 Decommissioning Dismantling and disposal
This chapter contains important information on the correct decommissioning and disposal of the machine.
ne or individual machine parts.
 
The dismantling and disposal of the machine or individual machine parts may only be carried out by trained personnel.
be carried out sonally. These trained personnel have appropriate knowledge of safety and security
fall prevention regulations based on their specific training, experience and instruction.
 
 
 DANGER
Danger to life due to electric shock!
 
Serious injuries or death can result.
Some parts in the control cabinet may be live even though the main switch is turned off.
tet is. The input cable to the control cabinet and the main switch is always live.
rend. Although conductive parts in the control cabinet and distribution boxes are touch-safe,
Contact with tools can still pose the risk of contact with conductive parts.
gene.
 
• All work on electrical equipment must therefore be carried out by qualified electricians.
or carried out by persons who have received appropriate training.
 
 
 CAUTION
Danger of crushing when heavy machine parts are dismantled.
 
When the machine or individual machine parts are dismantled,
loosen heavy parts and lead to crushing of body parts.
 
 Work carefully and attentively.
 Use suitable lifting equipment.
 Wear appropriate protective equipment.
 
• Shut down the system and switch it off using the main switch.
• Interrupt all power and media supplies on the building side by switching off the main power supply.
supply or by closing the main compressed air valve.
• Make sure that no other devices/systems are affected!
• Check that all supply lines to be disconnected are de-energized/depressurized.
• Disconnect the system from the supply lines.
• Ventilate/ventilate all pressure vessels and lines.
• Remove all operating and auxiliary materials (e.g. lubricants) and dispose of them in an environmentally friendly manner.
• Disassemble the system until all parts of the system are assigned to a material group and accordingly
can be disposed of.
• Dispose of the system in an environmentally friendly manner. Please note the national regulations.